schroot: add page (#4775)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/schroot.md

# schroot

> > Run command or start an interactive shell with a special root directory. More customizable than standard chroot.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Run command or start an interactive shell with a different root directory. More customizable than `chroot`.
```

> More information: <https://wiki.debian.org/Schroot>.

> - Run command in a specific chroot:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Run a command in a specific chroot:
```

# schroot

> > Run command or interactive shell with special root directory. More customizable than standard chroot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Run command or start an interactive shell with a special root directory. More customizable than standard chroot.
```

> > Source code: https://gitlab.com/codelibre/schroot.

Reviewer 2: We don't add links to the source code in the pages
```suggestion
```

> > Debian Wiki page: https://wiki.debian.org/Schroot.

Reviewer 3: By the way, I think one link here is enough.

- Run command in a specific chroot:

> `schroot --chroot {{chroot}} {{command}}`

Reviewer 2: `{{chroot}}` is a path? Like `{{path/to/directory}}`?

Author: No, it's the name of the configured schroot. A config file located at /etc/schroot/chroot.d/{name} defines the properties of the schroot. [This](https://gist.github.com/conoro/89fd8a3b538707be49221739d695db49) is what I am using a schroot for, you can look at it to see an example config file and usage.

> - Pass options to a command in a specific chroot:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run a command with options in a specific chroot:
```

> `schroot --chroot {{chroot}} {{command}} -- {{options for command}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`schroot --chroot {{chroot}} {{command}} -- {{command_options}}`
```

> - Run command in all available chroots:

Reviewer 2: When a chroot could be unavailable?
```suggestion
- Run a command in available chroots:
```

Author: True, chroots either do or don't exist, I think it's important to tell the user it's in _all_ chroots though
```suggestion
- Run a command in all chroots:
```

Reviewer 2: Ok, then:
```suggestion
- Run a command in all available chroots:
```

`schroot --all {{command}}`

> - Specify user to use in a specific chroot:

Reviewer 2: Do this start en interactive shell? Maybe:
```suggestion
- Start an interactive shell with in a specific chroot as a specific user:
```
